♫ Your smile is so sweet with those crooked eyes ♫
♫ The way you run towards me is especially beautiful ♫
♫ Your smile is not that simple with those crooked
corners of your mouth ♫
♫ Why do you always appear when I make a fool of myself? ♫
♫ All the summer seasons are not as romantic as meeting you ♫
♫ Am I giving you romance or warmth? ♫
♫ All the time in the world cannot compare to my
feelings for you ♫
♫ Because it is you, I will believe in eternity ♫
♫ You are the courage I will protect as if my life depends on it ♫
♫ With you protecting by my side, I have a sense of security ♫
♫ I especially love everything you give me ♫
♫ The two of us together is a small sweet satisfaction ♫
[The Love Equations]
[Previous Episode]
Treat me to a meal.
The Detective Club.
Open the door.
Could it be that you like her?
I would like to invite you to our Detective Club event.
Okay.
[Episode 6]
[The Room with Secrets]
[Detective Club, Skateboarding Club, Photography Club]
Where are Zhou Xiao and Cai Yasi?
Don't. This blindfold feels quite comfortable on. You guys start solving first.
Be more gentle with that. You're going to be the one who pays if you damage it.
Well, it's not like I can't afford it.
My lovely club members, I have locked you guys up.
The game has officially begun.
Now, I would like you all to reach down and feel under your seats.
Six, Zero, Five, Five.
What are you talking about?
If you put them together it spells "BOSS" and the corresponding numbers are "6055."
Is it that simple?
Is it simple? Why do I find it quite difficult?
That's because your IQ has a problem.
(T/N: you have a low IQ)
You're the one with the problem.
HA HA! Did you guys think that you would find a key in here just by opening it? You wish!
I just want to recommend my favorite comic, Detective Conan.
In the series, there is a story called "The Secret of the Impenetrable Room (Volume 3, Chapter 21),"
which is perfect to describe the position you guys are in right now. Good Luck!
Why is this president of the Detective Club even more annoying than me?
So, you do know that you're annoying?
You're the annoying one.
[Detective Conan: The Secret Of The Impenetrable Room]
[999 You even found this?!]
Either you're really smart, or you really understand Zhou Xiao.
Six, Six, SIx. Nine, Nine, Nine.
She tried to use the same logic to fool us twice. Does she think we're idiots?
Tao Ling, we're leaving.
What is this?
It's Conan again?
Again?
Look. Even Zhao Fanzhou doesn't understand it.
What does it mean?
This should be a set of latitude and longitude coordinates.
What is latitude and longitude?
Tao Ling, we're leaving. Tao Ling?
Can you stop following me?
I'm not following you. I'm following myself.
Excuse me. Are you Xie Yixing?
I am.
Can I get your autograph?
All right. Okay, okay.
Did you watch the game where I won with a complete victory?
- Yes, we did.
- You were amazing.
Here you go.
I'd also like to ask...
I'm sorry. I won't be taking any photos for today.
Since we go to the same school, there will be many more opportunities in the future. Okay?
That's not it. I just wanted to ask whether you know Li Xiaofeng.
If possible, can you get me his autograph?
My mother is a big fan of his.
I'm sorry. She's just joking around.
Let's go.
Are you crazy? Those two are sworn enemies.
Really? I didn't know.
[N23° 12' 5.75"
E113° 17' 25.44]
[Business's Five Year Anniversary, Big Bargains]
So, they still sell magnifying glasses these days.
It's pretty clean.
Is your hand okay?
Yes, it's fine.
You keep searching here. I'll go over there and look.
Hey, fellow students.
Can you please delete the photos you took.
We didn't take any photos.
Is she your girlfriend?
I thought you told other people that you were single.
She's not my girlfriend, so it's best not to let this affect her.
Really?
Yes, it's true.
All right then.
Can you also delete the photo for me?
Didn't you say that you were a fan of Li Xiaofeng?
I'll get you one of his autographed photos.
Really?
- Yes.
- That's great.
Leave your contact details and I'll contact you once I get it.
All right then, I'll delete it.
Thank you.
I should have played with them if I knew earlier. It's so boring waiting here by myself.
When I'm with you,
even a childish game can become wonderful.
The game is finished.
That's right. It can only be finished here.
I initially planned to set up the last checkpoint in the forensic science lab.
But in the end, I couldn't even get through the door to the lab.
I wanted to pretend to be a dead body to scare you guys.
It's a pity that the game just ends here.
We can still continue the game.
That's not right. Based on my understanding of Zhou Xiao,
the clue should be pointing to the balloons.
But these all don't have any marks.
Could they be inside the balloon?
What is wrong with you?
Just believe me for once. It's definitely inside them.
What are you doing?
Let's go.
Crazy!
What is this?
It's a bone goniometer.
What is it used for?
They are often used in forensic clinics,
to measure the degree of damage of a patient's joints.
Patient?
I thought you guys only dealt with dead bodies.
Most of the day-to-day work of forensic scientists consists of the identification of injuries.
In contrast to what most people think, our work is not only about dealing with dead bodies.
Thanks, Teacher Zhao, for this lesson.
Are you finished playing? Let's go now.
We don't usually allow outsiders inside the labs.
Wait a moment.
Since you already let me in,
why don't you grant me one more wish?
Come and take a photo with me. Come on!  Let's take one together.
Your hand. Make the V sign. Say cheese.
3, 2, 1.
It's the middle of the night. Who is inside?
Let's go, quick.
He's coming. Move a bit closer.
Is anyone here?
Let's go.
Y-You... How did you guys come in here?
We just came in. We're about to do an experiment.
Zhao Fanzhou, today you must teach me how to use this
bone goniometer.
No problem.
"The school is launching social practice activities,
we are organizing a Dormitory Creativity Contest."
I don't have any creativity.
Have a look.
"Outstanding and those above outstanding
will receive academic credit?"
Am I only lacking this one credit? I'm lacking in all credits!
Good point.
- Do you want some?
- Is it sweet?
- It's appetizing.
-  All you think about is stimulating your appetite.
- It's tasty. What are we going to eat later?
- What do you want to eat?
I want to eat fried chicken,
- Dormitory Creativity Contest.
- Barbecue and sushi.
- All dormitories are required to participate.
- I also want spicy soup. What should I do? I want to eat them all.
Are you a pig? All you care about is eating.
My mom said that it's a blessing to eat.
Wei-wei,
did you hear about the Dormitory Creativity Contest?
Yes, of course. I was the one who stuck this up.
Let's have a discussion on what we plan to do.
All right.
Look at it. What should we do?
Don't count on me.
I've caught the attention of the senior sister again. I need to go to the art exhibition
and work as a slave. I'm leaving.
I've got an idea, Sisters.
This facial mask just gave me some inspiration. Restoring the natural tender state of your skin.
How about we go with the theme of "all-natural without any additives."
We don't need to do anything. Just enter the competition bare-faced.
And maybe, among all the girls with a full face of makeup,
we'll be able to stand out.
Not doing anything? I agree.
Don't be like this. After all, there's one academic credit.
Wei-wei, you're grades are already so good. Why bother for this little bit of credit?
I want to earn all my credits early,
so it will be easier for me to choose my second major.
We're still freshmen. You're thinking way ahead of us.
I don't care. I'm so tired. I don't want to do it.
This is such an easy way to earn credit.
It's easier compared to waking up early in the morning to attend an electives course. Am I right?
That makes sense.
- Let's have a good think about it then.
- Okay.
- Go get changed right now. Our modern literature class is starting soon.
Old Zhou!
Look at this.
What are you doing? Did you not see that there is a dormitory evaluation?
I saw it. And so?
We need to prepare for it.
The dormitory evaluation is also a type of contest. As long as it's a contest,
I need to get first place.
How are you going to win?
How to get it... Well...
First of all, we need to clean up.
And after that, we can make some arrangements.
Right? And in the end, we can decorate it in a MUJI (minimalist) style.
You'll definitely like it.
Okay, then good luck.
Good Luck!
Why am I the only one cleaning?
- Come on, try and hit me.
- I'm going to hit you.
We'll be doing material evidence testing in the lab next class.
Prepare the lab, before the next class begins.
I understand, Professor.
Shi Guoguo, can I switch seats with you?
Why? Don't you usually sit in that seat?
Well... When I was sleeping yesterday night, the right—
no the left side of my neck got stiff.
It's more convenient for me to see the board from your seat.
It hurts.
All right then.
Is it that serious?
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
The professor is coming.
Let's begin our class.
The main tasks of Forensic Evidence Science are
Individual identification and paternal testing.
From these,
Individual Identification covers the
examination of bloodstains,
examination of saliva stains, the examination of hair, the examination of teeth,
the examination of bones, and so on.
Next class will be held in the lab.
I will be teaching you how to conduct these examinations.
The world allows the existence of long stories that are very incomplete.
But towards short stories,
they are much more strict.
Now, I want you to turn to page 21 of the textbook.
Wei-wei,
I have an idea. Why don't we decorate our dormitory
in a traditional Chinese style?
- That sounds good.
- Is it okay?
Okay.
Who else would think of a traditional Chinese style?  I'm so smart.
Then, how are we going to arrange our dormitory in a traditional Chinese style?
We can just buy some writing brushes, ink sticks, paper and inkstones,
landscape paintings, Chinese knots,
antithetical couplets, Chinese paper-cuttings.
It should be good enough if we just buy some traditional Chinese elements.
Then to save time, why don't we split up to buy them.
I'll buy some white gauze curtains so we can unify the style of our mosquito nets with the room.
It just so happens that I need to accompany Fang Wei to buy some study materials.
I'll buy the writing brushes, ink sticks, paper and inkstones.
What should I do then?
Why don't you go to the supermarket and see if they have anything with a traditional Chinese style that
can match with our elements.
Okay.
There's a dormitory evaluation coming up, I need to hide my mini projector.
Give me the keys to the Detective Club!!!
Zhao Fanzhou, what are you doing?
- Where are you going?
- The supermarket.
I'm also going there. Let's go together.
Hop on.
Hurry up.
Were you looking for me?
That's probably not it. I've already paid you this month.
We also don't have any club activities.
There's no reason for you to look for me.
The Southern University campus must be quite small. Why do I keep on bumping into you?
I was looking for you.
Why were you looking for me? I—
Open up my bag.
Did you put a bomb inside your bag?
Hurry up.
[Life on Mars? by Kotaro Isaka]
It's Kotaro Isaka's new book!
They translated it so quickly.
How did you get it?
["Life on Mars?" by Kotaro Isaka]
[Southern University Library]
The library ordered it and it just arrived. There's only one copy.
I happened to see it so I just borrowed it for you.
Who knew you were born with such a cold face,
but you're actually quite warm.
Thank you. Let's go.
Honestly speaking, although you don't like to speak, you're very reliable.
Unlike Cai Yasi, that trash. All he does is bring me trouble every day.
- Are you guys warming up?
- Coach.
Chen Yu.
You're here.
Where's Xiao Lu?
Is she not coming to train?
She came here in the morning.
I think she's helping out at an art exhibition held by her department this afternoon.
She didn't think to request a leave from the coach.
She doesn't treat me seriously at all.
She already asked me.
She even invited us to go see the exhibition if we're free.
Why don't we skip training as well?
Let's go to the exhibition together.
Xiao Lu specifically emphasized that you shouldn't go.
She said that if you were to go, you would make a big fuss, and affect the atmosphere of the exhibition.
She doesn't want me to go, but I insist on going.
Classmate, please don't touch it.
It seems quite interesting, right?
Bro, aren't you tired?
Don't mention it. I'm exhausted to death.
Bro, where did the lady go?
Are you also here to see her?
Everyone is accompanying her to get some water.
Who is she?
She even needs other people to accompany her to get some water?
If it weren't for the fact that I need to stand here, I would also accompany her.
Why are you here?
I...
I'm here to see the exhibition. Is there a problem?
Excuse me.
Bro, can you do me a favor?
This should be enough.
Let me hold one.
It's all right.
Just let me carry one.
These are all mine. If I don't hold it, I'll feel burdened.
There's no need.
Oh right!  These things are all mine.
Don't you also need to buy anything? Why didn't you get anything?
Go and collect our bags.
Okay.
So weird.
Let's go.
Zhao Fanzhou.
What are you doing?
[Press the button to store your belongings]
Wait a minute. This one must be it.
Don't worry.
Why aren't you closing the door?
Yes.
Let's go. My roommates are telling me to hurry.
I'm exhausted.
Let me lean on this for a bit, all right?
Go and stand properly.
Do you have any sense of work ethic?
Why don't you come here and try it yourself.
Try to keep standing still while holding a flute.
It's way more tiring than you think.
If you're so tired, why did you offer to take his place in the first place?
That's because your classmate said that his stomach hurt.
I'm not the type of person to avoid helping someone in need.
He was faking it.
You're the third victim.
Why didn't you tell me earlier?
Weren't you having a great time acting as a hero?
If I had told you earlier, wouldn't that spoil all your fun?
Why are you like this?
Are you Xie Yixing?
Yes, I am.
Why are you here?
I'm here to help out.
So, you're also interested in the arts?
I saw comments by the keyboard warriors online who were criticizing you for being simple-minded.
I should post this evidence online to show everyone how outstanding you truly are.
Okay. Wait a moment. Come to this side.
My left profile looks better. Come on.
Wait a moment.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Did you see that?  This popularity.
It's my strength.
Let me take a photo of you.
Thank you.
What are you doing?
I just don't believe that you can stay still this whole time.
Pull down the legs of your pants first. They shouldn't be like that.
I don't want to. That wouldn't be stylish.
Classmate, come take pictures.
Do you want to take some? Come.
Buy one get one free!  Hurry. Come!
Let's take pictures.
Classmate!
Classmate, you came at the right time. Come.
Come, no problem.
Take a picture of the lady and get a free picture of the young man. Come, hurry.
Take out your phone. Come on.
Here, use this hand.
One more.
It looks a bit messy.
Like how it is during New Year's at my house.
How about we simplify it a bit?
Simpler is better.
What about a style of landscape paintings?
Everything will be black and white.
That should look less messy.
That's not bad.
It sounds pretty artistic.
Alternating black and white?
Classy. I approve!
Then let's do it.
- Okay.
How much longer do we have to stand here?
Hey.
Are you asleep?
Black and white?
Classy?
Why are the results not the same as our expectations?
Don't you think it looks a little frightening?
Like that...
Don't say it out loud.
- You know what I'm talking about?
- Yes.
Everyone, why has our dorm become a mourning hall?
It's not that bad.
It's just a more serious Chinese traditional style.
Right. Don't say it's as scary as a mourning hall.
I think we can call this...
- "Punk style."
- Punk style.
Why did you guys make a mourning hall?
Hurry and get rid of it.
Look at other people's dorms.
They are pink and soft and pleasant on the eyes.
Look at yours.
Why did you make a mourning hall?
How is this like a girls' dorm?
Auntie, there are no rules saying girls' dorms have to be pink and soft.
- Right.
- Exactly.
I'm just reminding you for your own good.
You can't get the prize like this.
We will definitely win.
If we do it, we will do what's different from other people.
Right.
Fine, fine. Whatever suits you.
You're not even scared that it's ominous to live like this.
Bye, Auntie.
It's finally time for our Sister Lu to show what she's got.
It's great. I'm finally done.
What kind of style is different from what other people are doing?
Let's do one of those horror concepts.
I'll go and design it first.
Sketch as you please.
I'll buy whatever decorations you need.
You sound so enthusiastic.
We haven't even eaten dinner yet. Let's think about what to eat.
That's right.
Yasi, why are you still using high-output appliances?
The dorm evaluation is soon.
Right, Yasi. Hurry and put away that thing.
I have to put them at the Detective Club tomorrow.
I'm relishing our last moments together today.
Then can you hide my mini-fridge there, too?
Sure.
Thanks. Hurry and eat.
Hey, you. You haven't answered my messages for the whole day.
When are you going to open the door for me tomorrow?
Hey, you–
You bought these lousy things again?
No wonder you've used up your scholarship money.
Be gentle.
This projector is so expensive. You won't be able to pay me back if you break it.
I won't let you put your things at the Detective Club with that attitude.
Then it has to be fine if I treat you to a meal at the cafeteria, right?
I don't care.
Let me play with your projector.
Gentle.
Then take them back.
How do you use this?
Turn on the projector, connect to your phone, and project onto a white wall.
I see. Then I'll try it.
Where should I put it?
You have to put it in a higher place. I'll do it.
I can do it myself. I'll do it.
- Then be gentle.
- Don't mind my business.
[Southern University Detective Office]
My dear young lady, where are you going?
What are you gesturing for?
Find a place to secure it and turn on the power.
[Preview]
In the future, if you're still single and I'm single
then let's be together.
I've heard of this before.
Let me treat you to a meal to show my thanks.
- Sure.
- I want to go, too.
I know you didn't mean it.
I didn't put it to heart. Don't worry about it.
♫ Sunlight spilled into the wind’s embrace ♫
♫ There’s a bit of sweet air blowing our way ♫
♫ Ever since the day I first met you ♫
♫ I realized only a frame with you in it can be called a scenery ♫
♫ Silently experience all your feelings ♫
♫ Perhaps taking a step back will let me get closer ♫
♫ Thank you for giving me a pure friendship ♫
♫ You will also have a love that belongs solely to you ♫
♫ I’m so fortunate to have you in my youth ♫
♫ Only then will there be happy moments worthy
to be remembered ♫
♫ No matter where the future’s you will go ♫
♫ I will always accompany and support you to the end ♫
♫ I’ll be happy if you are happy ♫
♫ I have him tolerating my willfulness ♫
♫ Thank you for giving me a pure friendship ♫
♫ I will also have a love that belongs solely to me ♫
♫ I’m so fortunate to have you in my youth ♫
♫ Only then will there be happy moments worthy
to be remembered ♫
♫ No matter where tomorrow’s you will go ♫
♫ I will always accompany and protect you to the end ♫